How did Master Ancestor deal with the bed this day?
Resurrection
Clean up all PETA members in the building
By the way, I'm warning you
In the building
Don't mention the likes of anyone within the organization
Otherwise Kunlun will bloodbath the West
Take the door away
Lei Jia, the supporter behind that
Do you need us to clean it up together?
Or do as I said before
If the perpetrators of Lei's father and son are found
Resolve according to law
Lest the outside world say that our Kunlun accidental listing deceives people
Yes, there's one more thing I can count on you for.
Said your ex-wife is still waiting in the garden upstairs
He seems to think that the Lord of Kunlun is someone else
Need me to tell Miss Hu
State your true identity?
No, I don't have to see him.
No need to write down the evidence
It's not me he's waiting for
It's the one above, the one above, who is also the mission
Then I have to let him go
Thank you if you're really pregnant with that trash
You have to kill it.
Otherwise, it will be known by the outside world. How about our lover?
Where is your face?
Face is earned by yourself
Not given by others
Don't talk about it.
It's not your turn to talk about my business
Dad grandpa
Take a look.
My sister.
Are you stupid after being a plant person for three years?
Don't do this
Even if I am pregnant with your father's child
Experts don't accept you
I won't starve to death in 7 years
I can still understand children